








Job opportunities







Check for open positions:




Faculty & teaching positions 
Part-time faculty 
Teaching assistantships 
Other jobs 












Applications should consist of detailed curriculum vitae, a statement concerning teaching and research interests and the names of at least three referees. Relevant industrial experience is an asset. Excellent communication skills are required. Knowledge of French is an asset but not essential for an academic career at Concordia. Membership or eligibility for membership in a Canadian professional engineering association, preferably in the province of Quebec, is required.
All inquiries about specific positions should be directed to the appropriate departmental contact. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents of Canada will be given priority. Concordia University is committed to employment equity.













Faculty and teaching positions










Faculty





Canada Excellence Research Chair in Sustainable, Smart and Resilient Aerospace

















Centre for Engineering in Society











No posting for the Department at this time. Please check again later.













Concordia Institute for Information Systems Engineering (CIISE)





Assistant Professor, Applied Artificial Intelligence and Cybersecurity




Part-Time Non-Student Research Assistant – Automating Cyber Threat Hunting

















Department of Computer Science and Software Engineering (CSSE)





Assistant Professor, Quantum Computing




Assistant Professor, Innovation in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence 




Research Assistant, Misinformation on Social Media in the Context of Public Health

















Department of Building, Civil and Environmental Engineering (BCEE)











No posting for the Department at this time. Please check again later.













Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE)





Assistant Professor, Computer Engineering, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering

















Department of Chemical and Materials Engineering (CME)





Assistant Professor, Chemical and Biomedical Engineering




Gina Cody Research Chair in Chemical and Materials Engineering

















Department of Mechanical, Industrial and Aerospace Engineering (MIAE)








No posting for the Department at this time. Please check again later.






















Part-time faculty positions



Thank you for your interest in part-time teaching at Concordia. The application period for winter courses is now closed.  Contracts for successful applicants will be issued on November 15, 2022.  Applicants need to sign their contracts in the Faculty Resource Information System (FRIS) by November 25, 2022.
The application period for Summer 2023 courses will open on February 18, 2023, at 6:00 pm.
Canadian citizens, permanent residents, people who have an open work permit for the entire duration of the part-time contract, or a registered Indigenous person under the Indigenous Act (named Indian Act) may apply to posted courses. Other applicants shall only be eligible to receive Reserve Courses as per Article 10.24 of the CUPFA collective agreement, and therefore shall be classified as Adjuncts or Graduate Students.
Please note that Post Doctoral Fellows and graduate students who are currently enrolled at Concordia University are not eligible to apply to CUPFA posted courses.


Download the instructions on how to apply online (PDF)




























Teaching assistantships (for students)






The University’s funds for Teaching Assistants (TAs) are intended to provide students with employment opportunities that will provide both financial support and professional development.
In order to be eligible for a TA appointment, a student must be:

to be enrolled in a credited program in the same semester that they are applying for Teaching Assistant/Marker assignments
a student in good academic standing at the University and not to have been found guilty of academic misconduct

TA appointments are awarded to qualified applicants. The basic requirements are technical knowledge and good communication skills as demonstrated by past experience and academic record.
Applicants are accepted from the following:

Graduate students in a Masters or PhD Program
Undergraduate students in their 3rd or 4th year of student (achieving minimum A- grade in course to be taught)

To work as a TA, International students must have a valid study permit or work permit for the duration of the TA contract. Both Canadian and International students must have a Social Insurance Number (SIN).
On how to apply and for necessary qualifications, please click on the below pdf link.


Find out the necessary qualification and how to apply (PDF)

Learn more about the positions (PDF)
Application for teaching assistant positionsApplication deadline: November 11, 2022Apply online






































Other jobs









Full-Time Non-student Research Assistant – App Development for Dialog-based Behaviour Changes




Invigilators - BCEE




Invigilators - MIAE




Part-Time Non-Student Research Assistant – Automating Cyber Threat Hunting




Part-Time Non-student Research Assistant – Auditing Blockchain and Cryptographic Protocols




Part-Time Non-student Research Assistant – Sedentary Behaviour Analysis




Research Assistant, CoDS Lab




Research Assistant, Medical Virtual Reality




Research Assistant, Misinformation on Social Media in the Context of Public Health




Research Associate in Data-Driven Optimization



















Working at Concordia







Concordia University offers competitive compensation and health, financial and family benefits. As an employee, you'll enjoy opportunities for training and development in a stimulating and dynamic work environment — a work culture with a conscience. 






Learn more























