








Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn








Research Associate in Data-Driven Optimization




Posting Period
November 25, 2022 to December 5, 2022
Department
Concordia Institute for Information Systems Engineering
Brief Description of Duties and Expertise
The candidate is expected to work on projects in the area of data-driven optimization, two-sided market models, and machine learning.
The main job responsibilities include assisting the principle investigator in supervising MASc and PhD students in two Mitacs sponsored projects; conducting independent research in the above-mentioned areas, analyzing research results and writing or supporting the writing of research articles.
Qualifications

PhD degree in engineering or computer science
Strong background in optimization and machine learning
Strong critical thinking skills
Good English writing ability


Principal Investigator
Dr. Chun Wang
Number of hours of the contract and hourly rate

$30 per hour, 14 hours per week
Start Date
December 15, 2022
End Date
June 15, 2023
Application Instructions
Interested applicants should submit by email a cover letter, curriculum vitae, and two reference letters (sent directly by the referees) to Dr. Chun Wang at chun.wang@concordia.ca
This posting will remain active until the successful applicants are selected.
Concordia University is committed to Employment Equity and encourages applications from women, Aboriginal Peoples, visible minorities, ethnic minorities, and persons with disabilities.







Employment Equity



Concordia University is strongly committed to employment equity within its community, and to recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. The University encourages applications from all qualified individuals, including women, members of visible minorities, Indigenous persons, members of sexual minorities, persons with disabilities, and others who may contribute to diversification; candidates are invited to self-identify in their applications.
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian and Permanent Residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. While applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
or
No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada.










